Update PR template to ask for release type (#23528)
Azure/azure-powershell: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Checklist

> - Is this targeting a **general** release / a **preview** release / an **engineering build** of Azure PowerShell?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please confirm your target, is it a **general** release / a **preview** release / an **engineering build** of Azure PowerShell?
- `<put your answer here>`
```

>     - `Private Preview`

Reviewer: Could you explain more about the Private Preview case? 
- Why it is listed singularly?
- Where should the pr go if it is a private preview?

Author: To explain the context, I updated "CONTRIBUTING.md" and link it here.
